Skycraft Discord Rules :
1) Genius' Discord is a public discord server, which is managed by the team, but stored on a external machine which isn't the property of the team, any Discord problems can put the server down for an undetermined period. We are not responsible for disagreement caused by Discord's problems and cannot solve it.
2) The server is an international server, and can contain many sort of people with different language. You can only speak English, French, Italian, Spanish and German. Text and vocals rooms are separated between the differents language, respect the language spoken in your channel and speak only in the language of your channel, if you want to speak in other language, switch into an appropriate room for this language.
3) Information_text_room is only here for check informations about Discord or Skycraft server, you cannot speak in it.
4) Private, VIP, and Genius rooms are particular rooms, and are reserved to some staff members, you cannot acces them if you aren't a "choosen" person to access it. We can give access to this room, only if we want to do it, it's useless to send us request to access them.
5) Double account forbiden !

6) Be respectful, and don't flame or insult someone else in Text and vocal room, if you are victim of one of this, please send us a request with a proof (if you have it).
7) It is forbidden to spam in text channel
8) Genius team can create, modify, or delete rooms as they want, for all changement, you will be informed in the information_text_room. News rooms can be set to be accessible for everyone or for only a group.
9) If you don't respect theese agreement, you can be muted, kick from a room or ban of this Discord Server for a time or definitively. Theese sanctions won't carry a sanction on Skycraft Server, but a sanction on Skycraft can carry a sanction easier on Discord Server.
10) Finally consider, that we are all players of Skycraft, and have fun using this tool, if you have any questions or request send it to the team by using Discord or the Website (send request only in English or in French). Note that it is possible that we can dont see a request on Discord, please prefer use the website to send your request if you want to be sure that we have read it.